# Networks-consensus
In this repository you will find:
1.	[Software](/Software/). This experiment is programmed in oTree. In the folder, you will find the software and a tutorial to demo and run it. For more information about how to use it, please consult the [documentation](https://otree.readthedocs.io/en/latest/). LABEL does not provide assistance if the experimental software is not compatible with newer versions. Experimenters should seek support from the developer and make the appropriate adjustments to the code. 
2. [Instructions](https://github.com/user-attachments/files/18174877/github_instruct_k12.docx)
3. [Data](/Data/). Each group of 6 students is considered a session. oTree generates 3 files  for each group: (i) a file with a summary for each individual (All_Apps) (ii) a file with the details of moves in real time (Action) and (iii) a file with a summary for each round (Summary). We programmed oTree to generate those datasets to facilitate the pre-processing. The data was then combined and processed using a Python 3 Code in Jupyter 6.0.1. We created anonymized files with the variables of interest at the network level and at the individual level. In the folder, you will find those files and a document explaining their content. These files are all necessary to run the R code.  
4.	Code. Statistical analysis was performed in R 4.4.2. We used standard R libraries to perform standard analysis and create visualization. They are listed in the R code. We also created a code to model our algorithms and generate simulations. This code is part of the script shared here. You should run the code in order. Depending on your machine, it can take more than one hour to run. 
